#newsletter
## Closing Ceremony 
The closing ceremony was artfully anchored by Kareena Faria and Rishabh Vazir of AS Level. It commenced with the felicitation of the Secretariat board and Executive board which was followed by singing, dancing and stand up comedy, performed by the delegates. Speeches were given by, the principal of cambridge, Dr. Shunila Joy Chauhan, the Chief trainer, Nuaym Shaikh and the Supervising teacher, Dr. Kaushal Shah. The secretary general, Vidhaan Khotari, came upon the stage to thank and congratulate the team members and delegates for their excellent participation in WISMUN 2K23. Delegates were then shown the behind the scenes video which marked the hard work and dedication of the entire organising team. The music and dance team then performed an array of songs and absolutely riveting performances, which were out of this world.  Following these events, the most awaited part of the ceremony was finally here, the announcement of the top-performing delegates which was categorised into best delegate, outstanding delegate and special mention. Consequently, the highly anticipated grand reveal of the best committee, won by AIPPM, was announced by the secretary general. The closing ceremony came to an end with Socials. 
## Opening ceremony
Opening Ceremony
The opening ceremony was anchored by AS Level students, Siya Raikar and Vedant Torgal. It began with a wonderful speech given by the Director General, Yashvi Mange, which was followed by the introduction of the stellar Secretariat board and Executive Board members. Students from Witty Chikoowadi, had prepared a dance performance for the audience. Furthermore, the Chief Guest, Mr Sonal Verma and the Guest of Honor, Mr Shishir Joshi, gave delightful speeches which created great enthusiasm in students. The head of training, counselling, curriculum and principal of Chikoowadi, Mrs Sheetal Kapoor, was also invited on the stage to give a speech. After an ecstatic opening ceremony, delegates were dispersed and sent to their respective committees. 
## Independence Day
Over the course of 76 years, we have progressed as a nation in a manner that is unique with the magical essence of India, and in doing so we have ascended4 towards the pinnacle of greatness- ever evolving to scale heights even greater than those our country enjoyed on the 15th of August 1947. 

Every year, to capture the depth of the spirit of freedom, Witty International School, celebrates this day through an array of performances. This year, through the collective efforts of the students and teachers there were wonderful spectacles for the audience. The guard of honour ceremony, flag hoisting, dances, skits, brilliantly captured the soul of the emotions in the air.

At WIS, there is an environment for students to strive to better themselves at every opportunity, and it is due to this mindset which is fostered that leads to the celebrations being massive successes.

